It's been exactly one month since I left Singapore, marking the end of an incredible semester in Southeast Asia. While most of my trip has been documented in pictures and videos, there are plans and thoughts that can be best expressed in words. Over the next few weeks I will be sharing my experiences and suggestions.

#Arrival

I arrived in Singapore on January 8th around noon, after 23 hours of travel. I flew from Boston to Hong Kong on a 17 hour flight, then flew another 4 hours to Singapore after a 2-hour layover. Singapore's Changi airport is widely recognized as the best airport in the world: it's beautifully designed and maintained, and the immigration counter and security and extremely efficient. This was a great touch, especially since I flew out quite often for trips.

I presented my legal documents to the immigrations counter and I was through within 5 minutes. From there, I was free to roam. As I was unfamiliar with my environment and had two large suitcases and a backpack with me, I opted to take a cab (I hailed the cab from the gate; I didn't use Grab or Uber, which would have been a few dollars cheaper) from Changi Airport to my residential college at 25 Lower Kent Ridge Road. The trip took about 30 minutes and cost me 30 SGD. Had I done some research, I would've been able to go from the airport to my destination via MRT and NUS Shuttle bus for 1.89 SGD in about an hour and a half, but with my luggage it would've been difficult.

The first thing I noticed was the heat and humidity. The night I left Boston, it was -20 C outside and our plane was delayed because things were freezing left and right. When I stepped outside in Singapore, it was 30 C and extremely humid, but I was glad I wasn't freezing. On the drive to my residence, I noticed that the city was incredibly well maintained. Road conditions are great, the grass was freshly cut and hedges were well maintained. Everything in Singapore is done with a purpose, and my next few months in the city would reaffirm this sentiment.

The check-in process was smooth and afterwards I headed to my room. I was initially disappointed, as the room felt dirty and poorly maintained. It was also quite stuffy and the windows didn't properly seel shut. There was also a lizard in the room, which made me feel like the room would be quite dirty. Over time, however, I grew more comfortable with the room. I swept and mopped the floor and committed to taking my shoes off at the door, and that seemed to make all the difference. I was much more comfortable and my room felt so much cleaner. My only gripe was that the windows could not be completely closed, and ants and mosquitoes would often climb into my room. The occasional lizard would also make its way in, but I was generally okay with them because they eat bugs.

#First Week

For the first two weeks I awaited my student pass, which was the equivalent of a student visa. For that reason, I couldn't leave the country, and instead spent my time attending events held by the NUS exchange program. I attended two tours: a school tour and a city tour. The school tour was an hour-long walk through an NUS faculty that one specifies when they sign up. I was taking both computer science courses, which belonged in the Faculty of Computing, and science courses, which belonged in the Faculty of Science, so I was torn between the two. I ended up choosing the Science tour, 